Welcome everyone to
the Complete Intro to Vue 3.
My name is Ben Hong.
And I'm excited to spend the next
couple days with you as we go over
the fundamentals of Vue and
just get you all set up so
that you feel confident trying out Vue for
your next project.
All right, so
as far as a little bit of a welcome,
little fun fact I usually like to use is
I'm a big fan of amusement park rides.
So this is the one from
Orlando Universal Studios.
And so the one I really want to get up
though is if you ever go to Disneyland,
check out because this is
the classic Jurassic Park one,
they've re done the one in Disneyland
to be the Jurassic World theme.
And so they've done a lot of
really cool 3D, 3D effects and
stuff highly highly recommend it.
If you're having trouble finding me in the
back, there I am raising my arms up there.
But with that aside,
a little bit about me.
I'm a Senior Staff Developer
Experience Engineer at Netlify,
Vue.js Core Team Member, Nuxt Ambassador,
Vue Mastery Instructor and
I'm a Google Developer Expert in web
technologies as well as my platform.
All right, so if you're wondering
who this workshop is for.
This workshop because this is a complete
intro to Vue covers people looking to get
started with their first
JavaScript framework for
basically building web user interfaces.
All the way to people who are looking to
either learn about what makes Vue special
and really gain the skills necessary so
that if they wanna try using Vue on their
next project,
they are certainly more than welcome to.
And of course, everyone in between.
So let's say we have a good gamut
here of different experiences.
And so yeah, hope to cover all
that in this workshop today.
All right, so a couple things
to know about this workshop.
Some things you probably wanna know if
you're watching this, and as far as,
we'll call it prerequisites, is basically
if you have some familiarity with HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript.
So in other words, you don't need to
be an expert in any of these fields.
I designed it so that as long as you
have the fundamentals for each of these,
you'll be set to go.
Familiarity with the code editor is also
super helpful as we'll be doing a lot of
coding in this workshop.
Because after all, while there's a lot
of theoretical things to talk about,
I want to get your hands on experience
working with Vue to see how it feels when
you're taking it for a test run.
The code editor I'll be using is VS code.
And I recommend that one
because the VS the extensions
that we'll be using also
are in VS code by default.
And so, if you can't follow along
with that, that'd be great.
But otherwise no worries if you wanna use
whatever code editor that you prefer.
We'll also be doing a little bit with the
terminal as well because as most of you
know, when it comes to frameworks
build tools are a pretty big thing.
So as you have some familiarity
with running some basic commands,
that'll be useful as well.
In addition,
we'll be also using browser dev tools.
So I'll be using Chrome in this instance.
But whether it's Firefox or whatever your
preferred browser of choice is, basically
we'll be inside of there inspecting stuff
and looking at how everything's working.
And finally, basic knowledge of git and
npm would be great as well because all of
the resources are gonna be basically
encapsulated in the repo that I have.
And then we'll be installing
the dependencies with npm, so
just as long as you've had
some basic exposure to that,
you should be good to go for
this workshop.
All right, and so the promised resource
it's everything is going to be living at
this repo which is github.com/bencodezen,
and
then /complete-intro-to-vue-3-workshop.
So if you just go to /bencodezen and
repos, you should see it at the very top.
And if it looks a little barren in there,
don't worry we're gonna be populating
it as we go throughout the workshop.
All right, as far as what you
can expect from the workshop.
I'm a big fan of the workshop format
of learn, question and apply.
So basically we'll be going through the
process of starting with the learn step,
which is every time we have a new concept,
we'll be going through explanations and
examples so you can start getting
exposed to what's going on.
Then there'll always be
opportunities to ask questions, so
if any clarifications, what ifs,
that's a great time to kind of get in
there to start engaging with the material.
And finally, arguably the most important
step in my mind is that we go ahead and
apply what we just learned.
So there'll be lots of
opportunity to do exercises, and
most importantly I encourage you
to play and experiment with it.
I'll provide some guidance regarding some
things you can do with the exercis, but
the more you kinda get into it, and play
around with it, the stickier it'll be for
you when it comes to learning it.
And finally,
even though we're here talking about Vue,
an important thing to remember
is that all code is compromised.
So earlier we heard from people
coming from different frameworks,
different frameworks have
made different choices and
trade offs along the way as their
author sort of created those things.
So just know that whatever my opinion is,
I encourage you to question and or
disagree with it.
Because after all your opinion and
experience matters.
At the end of the day, the most important
thing is that you choose what's best for
you and your team in order
to serve your customers.